# P2: Visualizing Political Leaders

# References and Modifications
* Tutorial 5 https://github.com/UBC-InfoVis/447-materials/tree/25Jan/tutorials/5_D3_Tutorial_MV_Advanced_Interactivity
    * Degree of changes made: Minor to decent
    * I used tutorial 5 extensively in the specific formatting required in scatterPlot.js and barChart.js (creating bars, formatting axes titles, tooltip formatting). The code for aggregregating data in barChart.js was also referenced pretty much directly with minimal changes. Interactivity was also based on learnings from tutorial 5, such as the use of d3.dispatch and mouse functions, however, more changes were made to the code required for interactivity to suit the needs of P2. For instance, the code inside "dispatcher.on('filterCountry', selectedFilter => {...})" was fully generated by me. All areas that referenced tutorial 5 are also noted in the comments of those sections in the code.
    * Additionally, I referenced CSS styling from tutorial 5 and adapted it to match the reference photo for P2.

* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13599118/how-to-remove-decimal-point-from-my-y-axis-scale-in-d3js-graph
    * Degree of changes made: Minor
    * Referenced this stack overflow thread to learn how to remove decimal points from pcgdp in the scatterplot tooltip. I made an addition to the code in the answer thread to suit my project and it worked to remove decimal points from pcgdp.

* My personal P1
    * Degree of changes made: Decent to substantial
    * I referenced my own P1 assignment to remind myself of general class structures and all the elements I need to initialize, update, and render a visualization.


* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16549868/d3-remove-comma-delimiters-for-thousands/19675893
    * Degree of changes made: None
    * Used exactly "d3.format("d")" to remove the comma in years when they were being displayed on the x-axis.

* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23703089/d3-js-change-color-and-size-on-line-graph-dot-on-mouseover
    * Degree of changes made: Decent
    * Learned how to use event.currentTarget to specify what the user is currently clicking on. Used this code in the mouseover and mouseout interactivity for the lexis chart and wrote my own code to suit P2 requirements.